README.md, before:

__COSC 4353 - Software Design__
> Prof. Amin Alipour 

#### Authors:
- Bryan Alvarez
- Atharva Rajurkar
- Diogo Aires

# SEMESTER PROJECT

### Description:
The goal of the project in this course is to design and implement a software system with the principles that you learn during the course. The project is a group assignment. Each group is composed of 2 or 3 students that are randomly assigned by the instruction staff.

### Here are the details:
You will extract the core functional and non-functional requirements, and prototype appropriate command-line java solutions. You will be using agile methodology: 2-week sprints/ biweekly group and personal reports for __Wireshark (https://www.wireshark.org/)__

### Sprints:
#### Sprint 1: Sep 21, 2022
- Created repository
- Added ReadMe file
- Created tag
#### Sprint 1: Sep 21, 2022 - Oct 5, 2022
#### Sprint 1: Oct 5, 2022 - Oct 19, 2022
#### Sprint 1: Oct 19, 2022 - Nov 2, 2022
#### Sprint 1: Nov 2, 2022 - Nov 16, 2022
#### Project Presentation: Nov 28, 2022

### Running Instructions:

### File Structure:
> If extension is present, it is a file. Otherwise, folder

- .idea: this folder stores custom run/debug configurations, git repository mapping and other project specific info.
  - .gitignore(file): to specify files that will not be uploaded to the repository
- src: All code we write.
  - main: Application code
  - test: All tests code
- target: Holds all output of the build.

### Technical Details:

Commit message:

Fix Sprints dates and added member sprint instructions

README.md, after:

__COSC 4353 - Software Design__
> Prof. Amin Alipour 

#### Authors:
- Bryan Alvarez
- Atharva Rajurkar
- Diogo Aires

# SEMESTER PROJECT

### Description:
The goal of the project in this course is to design and implement a software system with the principles that you learn during the course. The project is a group assignment. Each group is composed of 2 or 3 students that are randomly assigned by the instruction staff.

### Here are the details:
You will extract the core functional and non-functional requirements, and prototype appropriate command-line java solutions. You will be using agile methodology: 2-week sprints/ biweekly group and personal reports for __Wireshark (https://www.wireshark.org/)__

### Member sprint instructions
1. For whatever task you take on, create new branch 
2. Work on the task 
3. If you need help, ask for it so that the others can jump in and help you out 
4. When done submit pull request 
5. Request other members review 
6. Other members review your branch 
7. Approve it, or request changes 
8. Fix changes 
9. Approve pull request 
10. Merge branch to the master 
11. Test master with new branch

### Sprints:
#### Sprint 1: Sep 21, 2022
- Created repository
- Added ReadMe file
- Created tag
#### Sprint 2: Sep 21, 2022 - Sep 28, 2022
- Task1: Add packet capturing library
- Task2: Create command line class to handle user input
- Task3: Add basic packet capture functionality
- Task4: Integrate different components on main class
#### Sprint 3: Sep 28, 2022 - Oct 5, 2022
#### Sprint 4: Oct 5, 2022 - Oct 19, 2022
#### Sprint 5: Oct 19, 2022 - Nov 2, 2022
#### Sprint 6: Nov 2, 2022 - Nov 16, 2022
#### Project Presentation: Nov 28, 2022

### Running Instructions:

### File Structure:
> If extension is present, it is a file. Otherwise, folder

- .idea: this folder stores custom run/debug configurations, git repository mapping and other project specific info.
  - .gitignore(file): to specify files that will not be uploaded to the repository
- src: All code we write.
  - main: Application code
  - test: All tests code
- target: Holds all output of the build.

### Technical Details:
